tidb-lightning: add contents about `REFERENCES` (#17526)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-requirements.md

   </tr>
</table>

> **Note:**
>

> > If you have not granted the `REFERENCES` privilege to the downstream database user, you can manually create the target table in the downstream database in advance to ensure smooth data import.

Author: ```suggestion
> 
>- If the target table does not use foreign keys, the `REFERENCES` privilege is not required.
> - If you have not granted the `REFERENCES` privilege to the downstream database user, you can manually create the target table in the downstream database in advance to ensure smooth data import.
```

> > If you have not granted the `REFERENCES` privilege to the downstream database user, you can manually create the target table in the downstream database in advance to ensure a smooth data import.

Author: ```suggestion
> If you have not granted the `REFERENCES` privilege to the downstream database user, you can manually create the target table in the downstream database in advance to ensure smooth data import.
```

> > If you have not assigned the `REFERENCES` privilege to the downstream database user, you can manually create the target table in the downstream database in advance to ensure a smooth data import.

Author: ```suggestion
> If you have not granted the `REFERENCES` privilege to the downstream database user, you can manually create the target table in the downstream database in advance to ensure a smooth data import.
```

   </tr>
</table>

> > **Note:**
> >
> > 
> > - If the target table does not use foreign keys, the `REFERENCES` privilege is not required.
> > - If you have not granted the `REFERENCES` privilege to the downstream database user, you can manually create the target table in the downstream database in advance to ensure smooth data import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
>
> - If the target table does not use the foreign key, the `REFERENCES` privilege is not required.
> - If the target table uses the foreign key, you need to grant the `REFERENCES` privilege for the downstream database user, or manually create the target table in the downstream database in advance to ensure smooth data import.
```
